[css-env-1] Update env(preferred-text-scale) explainer for <meta> and WebView (#12464)
w3c/csswg-drafts: css-env-1/explainers/env-preferred-text-scale.md

By default, [Android Webview scales the text size by the system font scale factor](https://crsrc.org/c/android_webview/java/src/org/chromium/android_webview/AwSettings.java;l=382-385;drc=fbd39d07c1deaf2ec4a8ea32260503369d10bdbb). App developers may override this default by invoking [setTextZoom()](<https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebSettings#setTextZoom(int)>).

> **Update 2025-Jul-08:** The interaction between WebView and env() is in flux. See https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/bZuQAcwcEig/m/6F5w5S97AQAJ

Reviewer: I recommend giving the links text just so that they're more accessible.

```suggestion
**Update 2025-Jul-08:** The interaction between WebView and env() is in flux. See the [discussion on blink-dev.](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/bZuQAcwcEig/m/6F5w5S97AQAJ)
```

### New meta viewport key for changing text-scale

> **Update 2025-Jul-08:** The &lt;meta> approach has evolved since this document was written.
> It now has its own explainer at https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/blob/main/css-env-1/explainers/meta-text-scale.md

Reviewer: Same here.
```suggestion
**Update 2025-Jul-08:** The `<meta>` approach has evolved since this document was written.
See the [Meta tag for text scaling behavior Explainer](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/blob/main/css-env-1/explainers/meta-text-scale.md)
```
